[Revolutionary Love]
Subtitles by DramaFever
Where?
[Episode 8]
Seman Foods in Anseong.
He went there
to terminate their contract.
You sent an intern alone to do
something like that?
What about it?
It was Director Seol's order.
What? Managing Director Seol?
This is your first test, Byun Hyuk.
How will you pass this test?
Hello!
Can we just go in like this? Is it okay?
Is no one here?
What's wrong, Joon?
- What are you doing? Hurry.
- Okay.
- Come hold him up.
All right. Yeah.
Hey, hurry up. Joon, hurry.
- Okay.
- Joon, faster.
Oh, this hurts.
Are you all right?
Mister, are you crazy?
Have you lost your mind?
You have to live no matter what.
You have to live and see it through.
Don't you have family, mister?
Don't you have parents or children?
I... I want to live.
I want to live!
But, I can't do this,
no matter how hard I try.
What am I supposed to do?
President!
President! President!
President, what is this?
Why did you do this?
Get up, please. Get up.
What are we
supposed to do if you do this?
What just happened?
What did we see?
You two are out here.
Is the president okay?
He would've been in big trouble if
you'd come even a bit later.
You two saved his life.
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
No problem.
Shouldn't he go to the hospital?
Yes, his family is coming soon.
But... who are you again?
I'm here from the Strategic Planning
team of Gangsu Foods.
Gangsu Foods?
I don't know if this is the right
situation for it...
but I came to get this stamped
with a seal.
Get out. Get out!
How dare you come in here?
I was just told to get these
stamped with a seal.
Get lost, you jerks. Get out of here!
Looks like the talks didn't go so well.
Gosh, he just said to get them stamped.
Let's go, Joon.
Okay.
That's why you need to come to
an agreement and get it done.
How can I do that?
That's a matter of your skill,
Byun Hyuk.
Here's a new contract.
Does this make sense?
I have to come to an agreement with him.
How can I do that?
Can they do this, Jae Hoon?
Do I have to resolve
work issues for you now too?
Figure out your own work problems.
That president was hanging himself
and I was just there.
I was like this and this.
Then I did this and barely
managed to save him.
I don't know him, but that president...
I think he was doing that
because of this very contract.
So, how can I go back there and
asked him to stamp his seal?
How can you work if you're always
thinking about people's situations?
Since you're in the company now,
you need to take care of yourself.
He is so cold, as always.
If he stamps his seal,
the factory will probably shut down.
Why will they shut down?
Usually, they buy all the ingredients
to prepare for future orders.
The production line would be
set up in preparation of that.
But, Gangsu is suddenly terminating
the contract before production.
So they would have to shut down.
I have to get that seal stamped though.
Yes, you do.
That will ruin them.
Yes, it will.
Unless Gangsu Foods pays them
compensation for damages.
Compensation for damages?
What? Compensation for damages.
Yes, compensation for damages.
Can't we do it?
Why would we send you
if we were going to offer that?
We wanted to handle it quietly
without legal issues.
If we do it that way,
Seman Foods will close down.
- Who said that?
- Joon.
Hey, are you in a position to care
about subcontractors?
You're an employee of Gangsu Foods.
If you can't get that seal stamped,
everyone on our team will be blamed.
You might be safe since
you're the CEO's son.
Other people will get a black mark
for causing a loss to the company.
In severe cases, it's a demotion.
Do you know that?
Is that how things work?
What does Joon know about our
team to speak so carelessly?
Seriously...
Joon didn't do anything wrong.
She only answered
because I asked a question.
Oh, seriously.
Joon?
She called saying she can't come today.
Really? That's strange.
She was gone when
I went up this morning.
She's not answering her phone.
You don't know why
she's not here, do you?
We don't know.
Maybe she's visiting her father.
Her father?
Her father passed away long ago.
When she has a lot on her mind,
she has a habit of going to her dad.
Ah, I see.
What should I do?
If you can't get that stamped today,
don't even think about coming to work!
My goodness.
I told you I have nothing more to say.
Why do you keep showing up?
I'm not an employee of Gangsu Foods.
Oh, what is all of this?
Are these your meals?
Have you been filling up on soju?
Why does it matter to you?
Why wouldn't it matter to me?
I did save your life.
Nonetheless, I won't stamp my seal.
Even with a knife to my throat, I won't.
It may seem like a drop in the bucket,
but I will sue for damages.
Yes, you should.
You should do everything you want...
except for dying.
Why would you die for them?
Why would you die to please them?
The moment you get weak,
you lose to them.
You can't sit back like this.
You have to hold on, no matter what.
How long can a person like me hold on?
I'm always in the same
sad state every day.
Don't get weak on me again.
You've worked hard all this time.
You were a subcontractor
for Gangsu Foods for over 20 years.
I know that was quite a feat.
Back in the day, Gangsu Foods
wasn't this bad though.
When Manager Baek was around,
I was still dealing with real people.
He could protect us from
the abuse of the main contractor.
What's the use of saying these things?
I'm just kicking myself at this point.
Gosh.
Why is it that all the good people
pass away so early?
Joon.
Have I become the lead figure
in wielding abuse?
It's not to that extent.
Um...
To put it simply, you're like a tool.
You're an employee who has to do
what your bosses tell you to.
But, I wish you could be a little
different than other normal employees.
You want me to be different?
If you want to,
you have the strength to do it.
I do?
Even with the cleaning service
employees...
if you hadn't been there and
if it weren't for you
do you think we would have
the results we have today?
It's because it was you.
I believe the end result is what it
was because of you.
It happened because it was me?
Yes, because it was you.
Because it was you...
Because you changed your mind...
things we've been fighting against
for over 10 years were easily resolved.
It makes me very angry.
Yet, that is the reality.
I have to get to my part-time job.
I'm going to get going.
But, Joon...
I understand what you're trying to say.
I understand why you want me to be
different than other employees.
Because it's me and I'm me.
That's why the result was different.
I can understand that too.
But, the thing is...
suppose I change like you want me to.
What will happen then?
What do you mean?
If I really do change...
When that time comes...
will you see me as a man then?
Do you... like Hyuk?
Will you do that?
Excuse me?
That girl.
That girl who came in when Hyuk was
getting beaten by Father, Baek Joon.
Do you know anything about her?
No, not really.
I heard she was there during
the brick incident with CEO Min.
You didn't see her when you went there?
I'm not sure.
She's a very suspicious girl.
She's not the quality of girl that
Byun Hyuk would be around.
She's just the type cause trouble.
She has been bothering me.
The fact that Hyuk turned himself in
and started working as a cleaner...
Even going on about hiring them directly.
Now, he's become an intern.
This is not the Hyuk that I know.
Right, Section Chief Kwon?
Hyuk's actions have always
been difficult to predict.
You know that better than me, Chief.
Even so, he's never done this.
Can't you see that Hyuk has changed?
Since we're on the topic,
look into Baek Joon's background.
Find out who she is and
why she's always with Hyuk.
Okay?
Yes, I will.
Apartment 302. My place.
Beep, beep, beep. It's open.
Why isn't it opening?
Beep, beep, beep.
Hello?
That's strange.
Beep, beep, beep.
Why isn't it opening?
Hey there.
This is my place.
Beep, beep, beep.
Please stop, okay?
Really?
Oh, it's open.
I thought I was going to die.
You! Why weren't you opening, door?
My head hurts.
You can't sleep here.
Don't bother me.
Wake up, okay?
Man, I'm going crazy.
Joon! Joon!
Joon.
Joon!
You have to give me an answer.
How can you just leave, Joon?
Joon!
Hyuk.
Yes, tell me whatever it is.
Tell me how you feel.
You're a good person.
You're a good friend.
Also...
you were a good colleague too.
That's it?
Isn't that enough?
Joon.
I know that you're a good person and
we're already good friends.
Also, we were once good work colleagues.
I'm very thankful for that. Aren't you?
Of course, I'm thankful. But, Joon...
That's good, then.
Let's just go that far.
I like you.
I like you too...
as a friend.
Ah, I have to go to work,
so I'm going to head up now.
Sleep well.
Ah, you scared me.
What are you doing there
like that in the dark?
You really scared me.
When a woman says she wants
to be friends with a man...
that's a rejection, right?
Did Joon say she just
wants to be friends?
Is it because she's just shy?
She might be unable to express herself.
I know Baek Joon pretty well.
She doesn't play games
if she likes someone.
She's the type to tell the guy first.
No, you say that because you only know
Joon as a friend and not as a woman.
Joon may be sure of herself
and have strong opinions
but, she is not so sure
when it comes to dating.
Even when she likes someone,
she can't express her true feelings.
Are these feelings for real or what?
She's the type to be conflicted.
That's it.
She said she wanted to be friends?
Well, that's...
Perhaps, that's because
we haven't progressed
beyond the stages of friendship.
Isn't that possible, friend?
Progress, yeah right.
Yes.
This is the time to show her
my intimate feelings.
Hey, you'll get in big trouble
with Section Chief Yang
if you don't get that stamp.
Nothing comes before love, my friend.
I'm going to take a shower.
Oh, my head hurts.
What? What is this?
What was that?
You, you! What are you doing?
Get out! Get out! Get out!
Hey, you! Get out!
Get out, you crazy punk!
Stop it!
Get out, crazy punk!
Hold on. Just hold on!
Calm down.
Where am I?
I asked you where I am.
Here? This is my place.
What? What did you say?
Why I am here then?
You didn't kidnap me, did you?
What do you mean kidnap?
Then why am I here?
That's what I want to ask you!
- Get out.
- What?
Just get out!
Get out!
Did you all hear that too?
What is it?
T... T-1000?
T-1000?
Ah, seriously.
Why are you here?
You're not here to catch me, are you?
Why would he catch you?
Did you forget you went
to the prosecutor?
Yes, that's right.
Why are you here then?
Ha Yeon Hee, why are you
coming out from there?
- Excuse me.
- Yes?
Nothing happened
between us yesterday, right?
That's not true.
You forcefully entered my home.
- His home?
- Forceful entry.
Yes, but did anything
inappropriate happen?
On my honor as a policeman,
nothing like that happened.
Are you satisfied?
I am satisfied with that.
Sorry, I drank a lot yesterday.
Well, then.
The new person on
the third floor is T-1000?
What do I do? What do I do? What do I do?
Kwon Jae Hoon saw
everything. What do I do?
I just don't know.
What a relief that Joon
is alone on the roof.
No matter how drunk she is,
she won't go into the wrong place.
Isn't that right, Joon?
I'm a designated driver,
so I wouldn't really be drunk anyway.
I'd like it if you would refrain
from driving so late, Joon.
I don't like that you work so hard, Joon.
Why don't you stop working so hard
and find a man to depend on?
You... didn't brush your teeth, did you?
Oh, sorry.
I have to go to work.
I'm going to head back up.
Gosh.
Is this something to drag on like this?
Well, you must think you can work
slowly since you're the CEO's son.
This could be a problem.
No, it's not that at all.
I just don't think I can forcefully
get that seal stamped.
Our new product is going
to be launched soon.
We need to take care of this quickly.
It's just that I've seen some things.
- Just to bury them...
- Hold on.
That's offensive to hear.
Are you calling me a jerk or what?
No, that's not what I meant.
I just want it to work out for us
and the subcontractor.
Isn't there a way for us to both win?
Shouldn't we think about it a bit more?
Don't think. Don't think at all.
You can't even do this task,
so why do you keep thinking?
Geez, why did Director Seol tell me
give this task to an intern?
There's a problem... a big problem.
- What?
- Right now... in the lobby.
Please help me this once.
Help me with this deal.
Otherwise, my company will be destroyed.
All the employees in my company
will starve to death.
Oh my. Oh dear.
CEO Byun Gang Su.
CEO Byun Gang Su!
Please meet with me once!
I've been a Gangsu Foods
subcontractor for 24 years.
How can you throw me aside now?
Oh my.
Oh goodness.
[Gangsu Foods' Abuse of Power
Destroying Subcontractors]
Those punks.
Don't get involved.
You can't help.
It's not something you can fix.
- Still...
- Listen to Madam Ahn.
She knows from experience.
I've done everything you've asked!
President Jang! President Jang!
President Jang!
Please leave. We'll take care of him.
What do you mean take care of him?
Just to make a new product
how can you terminate
an existing contract?
It is wrong!
I feel very wronged.
Byun... Byun Gang Su!
Hey, you son of a bitch!
Byun Gang Su, you bastard!
Byun Gang Su!
[Gangsu Foods' Abuse of Power
Destroying Subcontractors]
[Job Application]
[Father: Baek Sung Ki.
Job: X]
- Hey, Section Chief Kwon.
- Yes?
Third Generation caused trouble again.
Find out where he is and what he's doing.
Ah, Third Generation... stress, stress.
You don't need to be upset.
I heard you're an intern.
What power does an intern have?
I'm sorry.
An intern? A mere intern!
How little... how low did they
consider my company?
They sent a mere intern
to terminate the contract.
Byun Gang Su, that old bastard.
Why have you been cursing
the CEO the whole time?
They're doing this because
Byun Gang Su instructed them to.
What wrong are the employees committing?
You're all just salary men anyway.
That's true.
Do they think I'll back off?
I'll come back tomorrow
and the day after.
I'll show up every day at Gangsu Group
like I'm showing up to work.
Oh, what time does CEO Byun
show up to work?
I'll wait for him there.
You'll end up getting hurt if you
do that, President Jang.
- Don't do that...
- Forget it. Be quiet!
You're no different.
You act as if you're going
to do something for me.
Stop playing around with people.
Are you people going
to hang me out to dry or what?
I'm sorry.
One moment.
[My Friend - Jae Hoon]
Yeah, Jae Hoon.
Where are you right now?
Right now, I'm with President Jang.
Bring him in right now.
Really? Where to?
Okay. Yes, I'll be in right away.
All right.
My friend, I mean... Section Chief Kwon
asked me to bring you in.
I guess your one-man protest worked.
- Really?
- Yes.
[Contract Termination]
Please stamp your seal.
Section Chief Kwon.
If we've given you this much time,
you should have wrapped things up.
Are you okay with never
working with us again?
- Jae Hoon.
- Byun Hyuk, please be quiet and shut up.
How can you work properly if you're
being dragged around by subcontractors?
President Jang.
If you continue
to make things unpleasant...
your deals with other companies
will end, as well.
I'm sure you know Gangsu Group
has that much power.
I won't make this long.
Why are you like that?
Why do speak so harshly?
How long will it drag it if I don't?
Still, you're being too severe.
You were never this kind of person.
I was always this kind of person.
Do you think all the trouble you
caused got resolved automatically?
This was already decided
by people above us.
We can't do anything for him.
By that, do you mean my father?
By dragging this out longer,
you're giving President Jang false hope.
Is that right, Section Chief Kwon?
Get it stamped and finish it up if
you don't want to create more trouble.
Stop getting involved in Hyuk's business.
President Jang.
So, this is how it's ending.
I did all sorts of things
to stay with Gangsu Foods.
I didn't care about my conscience.
I forgot about it all
and did all kinds of things.
Is this the end?
I'll stamp my seal for you.
No one carries their legal seal around.
I'll do it at my office,
so come pick it up.
I'm really not making any excuses,
Section Chief Yang.
My legal seal is back in my office.
I'll give it to your intern
when he comes by.
I really am sorry.
I think I must've lost
my mind momentarily.
This will never happen again.
Please work with Seman Foods
again in the future.
President Jang, I heard you.
Please go and don't interrupt our work.
Yes, all right. I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
They're doing this because
Byun Gang Su instructed them to.
What wrong are the employees committing?
You're all just salary men anyway.
This was already decided
by people above us.
We can't do anything for him.
By that, do you mean my father?
Byun Gang Su, you son of a bitch!
Baek Sung Ki?
I've heard of him a lot from somewhere.
Ah, that Baek Sung Ki.
Do you happen to know him?
The Baek Sung Ki who developed
Gangsu Food's red chili paste.
That's probably him.
He was in the Strategic Planning team.
I've only heard about him,
so I don't know much.
But, I think he left the company.
I heard it was related to something bad.
[Baek Sung Ki: Dismissed
for charges of bribery]
I don't want to earn money cleaning
up after rich people like you.
I'm telling you one more time.
I have no interest in a full-time job,
especially in your company.
[Charges of bribery against
Manager Baek were submitted to HR.]
Did you find anything?
There was nothing of interest.
Her father passed away.
Her mother is remarried and
they live separately.
She doesn't have close relatives,
so there are no sources of information.
- I'll look into it some more.
- Will you?
All right. You can go.
Yes.
What are you doing?
Nothing really.
So, you're going to get
the contract tomorrow?
Yeah, all I need to do
now is get that contract.
You know, Joon...
I never dreamed that this was how
my father's company was run.
This is a product with no issues,
but our company is putting an end to it.
The main contractor is being oppressive.
Isn't there a systemic issue with
main contractors and subcontractors?
It's not a slavery contract.
Why don't subcontractors have any rights?
I feel so bad for
President Jang who has no power.
Yes, I do feel bad for him.
He was wronged, as well.
Still, he has no choice but to let it go.
People in the powerless position have to.
They could end up suffering
an even bigger loss if they don't.
Why did Managing Director Seol...
give me this torturous task?
Why do you think he did, Joon?
At the very least...
I doubt it was just for you to know how
people feel wronged and end it there.
In the end, you make
the decision with this task.
I do?
Yes.
You do.
She said these words to me.
I wish you could be a little different
than other normal employees.
How?
If you want to,
you have the strength to do it.
How is that you could say
those words to me, Joon?
Like an outsider, I've been latching
onto my father all this time.
I enjoyed life thinking what belonged
to my father was mine.
I really was just a third generation
rich guy with nothing going for me.
Yeah, what wrong have you done?
You're just an employee
who has to follow orders.
You have no choice either, right?
Still, my heart was in pain seeing
you treat President Jang like that.
Because you were being used as
a tool to abuse power.
I'm a tool and a target.
Who?
Who targets you?
You.
You do it the most.
Oh, I do?
Sorry for all the trouble I caused.
Stop causing trouble if you know.
Okay, my friend. I'll try my best.
But, my friend...
is there anything
that I can do right now?
What do you mean?
About Seman Foods?
Of course not.
Just get the contract stamped.
Why did Managing Director Seol
give me this task then?
It's one of two reasons.
Know yourself.
What else?
Know your place.
Well... don't they mean the same thing?
It means you should realize
that you can't do much.
That is what my friend said again.
If you can't get that seal stamped,
everyone on our team will be blamed.
You might be safe since
you're the CEO's son.
Other people will get a black mark
for causing a loss to the company.
In severe cases, it's a demotion.
Do you know that?
How can both sides win?
Is there really no way?
How will you split it?
I could give you
10 billion won right now.
You can split that with your friend.
It's up to you how you split it.
How will you split it?
I will split it 50-50.
What?
Was that it?
What are you saying?
I think I know the reason, Jae Hoon.
Hold on.
Where are you going now?
To work.
You startled me!
Why are you here so late?
I need a designated driver, Joon.
A designated driver?
- Where are you going at this hour?
- To work.
What are you doing?
Why do you want to know?
Well, where's President Jang?
The office. Why?
- This is all...
- Are you here to see us in ruin?
Give it to me.
Yes, you'll get it soon.
Yes, please do that. Bye now.
President Jang, what are you doing?
What should I do with it? It'll rot soon.
I bought lots of beef from
New Zealand just for Gangsu Foods.
I'm selling it off for a low price.
What?
Oh yeah.
I heard you're CEO Byun's son.
Sorry, I didn't recognize you.
Pretend you never heard me
cursing your father... Sir.
Never mind that.
President, unload your truck now.
Why?
How can you make beef rice bowls
without the beef?
So, unload the truck right now.
Why would I make those?
I stamped my seal on
the termination contract.
Yes, give this to Gangsu Foods.
You should make the beef rice bowls.
Goodness, what if I do?
What do I do with them?
Put the brand Seman Foods
on them and sell them in the stores.
Wait, would Gangsu Foods allow that?
I'll be in charge of whether
they allow that or not.
Produce those beef rice bowls.
Hyuk.
You... you just said
you'd be in charge of it.
Yes, I will.
I'm the one who makes
decisions in this matter.
What are you planning to do?
Seman was our contractor for 24 years.
That's long enough
to be considered a friend.
We should split it 50-50 with a friend.
Did Gangsu Foods allow this?
I should get permission now.
First, we should terminate the contract.
What? You really got
the contract stamped?
Take a look to confirm.
You should've done
this earlier. Good job.
Then Seman Foods has completely
terminated their contract with us, right?
Yes, it's completely terminated.
What Seman Foods does has nothing to
do with Gangsu Foods anymore, right?
It doesn't matter what they do,
so tell them to do what they please.
Really? You really said that,
Section Chief Yang.
They can do as they please...
as they please?
Why do you keep asking
the same thing? I said yes.
Thank you for confirming,
Section Chief Yang.
How did it go?
It's your turn now.
Okay.
You're all here.
Here. Drink this.
Thank you.
Do any of you want
a part-time job after work today?
What kind?
You know that president
from the subcontractor?
He started producing products.
Their employees are very busy and
they're lacking manpower.
I thought that factory
got their contract terminated.
Hyuk wants to try and save the factory,
so he said to make the product.
Did they get permission from the bosses?
Half yes and half no.
You know how it is.
Mister Byun is causing
trouble again, isn't he?
Because of the situation they're in,
they can't pay a lot.
Instead, they promise a bonus once
the products start selling.
Bonus?
Do any of you want to go?
Bonus! Bonus!
What's the matter, Madam Ahn?
If only there had been
one person like Hyuk...
our factory wouldn't have shut down.
What do you mean?
Madam Ahn's family had
a subcontracting factory too.
They shut down when
the main company terminated the contract.
When she saw that president
getting kicked out...
She says it's bringing
back some memories.
Lately, she's been crying all the time.
Joon, I'll go with you.
I don't need to get paid.
I'll happily go to help.
Me too, but I need to get paid
even if it's a little.
I'll go too. I'll go for sure.
Thank you.
Thank you, everyone.
So, did you find out
anything else about Baek Joon?
There was nothing much to find out.
Really?
Yes, there was nothing
suspicious in her history.
She grew up in a normal family and
was a normal college student.
Any connections to Gangsu Group?
There was nothing.
Baek Joon's father, Baek Sung Ki.
Why didn't you report it?
Are you getting any other ideas?
Why? You feel bad
because Hyuk's your friend?
- It's not like that.
- Then what?
I made a judgment call that it wasn't
something for you to worry about.
I don't need your judgment calls.
Just do what I tell you to, you punk.
Aren't you on my side to get
promoted quickly?
You know Hyuk very well.
He isn't the type to protect people
just because they're his friends.
Don't lose focus because
of some useless sympathy.
Think about yourself, okay?
Yes, I'll keep that in mind.
Don't worry.
The CEO said he'll
take care of everything.
Father!
Father.
Eat well and stay healthy.
Be well until I return.
All right, Jae Hoon?
Jae Hoon.
My friend, mon ami, my pal.
I finally found out what I can do.
Oh, I'm going insane.
Hurry, hurry.
Keep it moving.
This is going well.
Oh my.
Take this box.
Hurry. Go, go.
[Gangsu Beef Rice]
Oh, Jae Hoon. You're here?
Producing our product without permission.
Gangsu Foods will not let this go.
President Jang.
You should prepare yourself.
Gosh.
I'll talk to him.
Jae Hoon.
What will we do?
Hey, Jae Hoon.
It wasn't without permission.
I told President Jang to do it.
A Gangsu Foods employee gave
the product over to a subcontractor?
Are you crazy?
They can divide the profits
with Gangsu. Isn't that okay then?
That makes no sense.
Gangsu Foods was going
to discontinue the item anyway.
They will sell under the name Seman
and still divide profits with Gangsu.
Isn't it too much
to say they can't do it?
They don't want to do it,
but they don't want anyone else to.
What is that?
That's your simple-minded
way of thinking.
We have a new product being launched.
There's another product to compete
with that we didn't think of.
- You think the bosses will sit idly by?
- Yeah.
I'm simple so I don't understand that
our company wants all the profits.
I asked you to keep your troubles
outside the company, didn't I?
I'll be responsible for this one.
I started it with that mindset.
Then you should've
kept it a secret from me too.
What are you thinking?
How do you expect me
to take care of this?
- I didn't call you to take care of it.
- Then why?
You're my friend.
I just didn't want to lie to you.
Are you a cat thinking of the mouse?
Don't worry.
I won't make you clean it up.
I really mean it this time.
I really mean it.
Oh, Jae Hoon.
You're here?
I just bought all this food.
Do you want to come in and eat?
I told you not to get involved in
Hyuk's business.
But, you let things get
out of hand like this?
Hyuk made the decision to do it.
I'm just getting paid and helping.
If you weren't encouraging him,
where would he get the idea to do it?
Aren't you underestimating
your friend too much?
Do you think Hyuk's
my avatar or something?
You got Hyuk to turn himself in.
He got rid of service contractors
and you got him hired as an intern.
Now, he's trying to solve this
subcontractor issue.
How can I not say this?
After hearing your side of it,
I suppose I understand.
But, Hyuk made the call on all of that
and came to his own decision.
You doing this...
is it related to your father?
What are you doing?
Are you digging into my background?
I told you.
I have to know about people around Hyuk.
Yes, my dad worked for Gangsu Foods.
What about it?
What does that have to do with Hyuk?
It really has no connection?
You have no intentions regarding Hyuk?
What's your motive
in saying these things?
What intentions? What kind
of intentions would I have with Hyuk...
Do you... like Hyuk?
You're not thinking...
What are you imagining, Kwon Jae Hoon?
I'm just curious why
you're always with Hyuk.
Besides helping Hyuk...
there's no other reason, is there?
I must like him.
I do get a strange feeling
when I'm looking at Hyuk.
I keep wanting to help him and
I'm proud of him when he tries things.
If I tell you that it's just friendship,
you wouldn't believe me anyway.
So, let's just say I like him.
Joon, are you really...
I'm getting confused because you
keep asking me these things.
How do I feel and why do I always
want to be with Hyuk?
I think I need to figure out my feelings.
Do I really like Hyuk as a man or not?
Right?
I brought you food to eat.
Everyone, eat up!
Yeah, food!
Food is here. Food is here.
I'm hungry. Let's eat.
- Looks good.
- It's sushi?
Come on. Come on.
We'll be eating well today.
Oh my. Looks good.
Oh my! That looks so good.
Thank you.
Oh, it's good.
- Eat.
- Have you eaten?
- I ate.
- This looks expensive.
Let's eat up.
I... like you.
I said I like you.
So, what?
What am I supposed to do to about that?
Joon.
Honestly, so do I, Joon.
Here's the latte you ordered. Thank you.
Hello...
What can I get for you?
An Americano.
That's 5,000 won.
[Musical]
Your card, please.
One moment, please.
I'm here with coffee...
What are you doing here alone?
Joon, look at the sky.
Wow, I can see a lot stars.
They are so pretty.
They are pretty.
They're like flying dandelion seeds.
Even after that accident,
you still like dandelion seeds?
The dandelion seeds did nothing wrong.
I'm the one at fault
causing accidents everywhere I go.
I'm getting confused because you
keep asking me these things.
Do I really like Hyuk as a man or not?
This time I really
can't cause any trouble.
President Jang's life is on the line.
I can't take care of my own life.
How did I end up responsible for his?
You think I can do a good job?
Honestly, I'm so nervous and my heart
feels like it's going to explode.
And Managing Director Seol, no...
I might have to go up against my father.
Be calm and clear.
Tell them what your thoughts are.
You can do a good job.
You are Byun Hyuk.
The first person to tell me
I can do a good job...
is you.
Thank you, Joon.
Can we try once to confirm?
Just to see...
if I can be a man to you or not?
What if we try and it feels wrong?
It can't feel wrong.
How do you know that?
I know that much, at least.
All right. Let's try it then.
Um, but if it feels wrong...
then we have to remain
friends after that.
I don't think that will happen.
Subtitles by DramaFever